Source filename: Dumpster Defender Startup Plan (1).docx
Source relative path: investor_docs/Dumpster Defender Startup Plan (1).docx
Source type: .docx
Extraction method: docx paragraphs and tables
Processed at: 2026-03-09T23:58:43.619146+00:00

## Section 1: Paragraphs
Brag & Bev LLC- Michigan LLC
We will file a new LLC in Michigan. We know the laws here and have attorneys, etc. to execute. Learning all the ropes in Georgia will be expensive. I think this is a great idea.
Draft an initial operating agreement to memorialize the intent and action of the company. The operating agreement will speak to the development expenses as a loan that will be repaid through royalty payments. The royalty payments will live in a separate agreement that will be drafted after the prototype has been developed and when we have clarity on development and manufacturing costs.
JB will lend the LLC $12,000 at 5% interest to fund the cost of the prototype. The loan will not require personal guarantees from the members. Additional funding will be managed the same way. JB will also engage a Michigan attorney to draft the applicable agreements, open a bank account, and fund it with operating capital. I propose adding an additional $5,000 to the prototype costs for working with the chemists and aerosol companies.
JB is LLC manager What exactly is the role and responsibilities of the manager?
80/10/5/5 ownership. Jake, AB, JB, SB 
The purpose is to fund, develop, market, sell, and license technology for the production and sale of a self-cleaning trash dumpster pod.
Jacob will assign his patent rights to the LLC. What exactly does this mean, i I am the majority owner of the LLC do I still control the patent?
Buyout provision pre-development will be limited to any member assuming the debt and paying it off as a condition of ownership, and 5 years of fractional ownership profits as royalty payments. I don’t fully understand
Post development, buyout provision will include assuming all debt and paying it off as a condition of ownership, and 7 years of fractional ownership profits as well as royalty payments. I don’t fully understand
JB will fund development and startup expenses up to $300k in exchange for a royalty that will be established once the prototype unit cost has been established. I propose the three way split until a determined amount is repaid specifically from JB’s portion of the royalty’s.
Royalty will be split 50/25/25 JB/AB/SB I propose once JB has been reimbursed the predetermined amount, I will then receive 1. I believe there are many other applications for this patent and getting zero royalties is a tough one.
Royalty will be applied to the JB debt first and then be paid in perpetuity, and royalty payments include assignees, licensees, successors. 
Sarah will be responsible for administrative duties
Jake will be responsible for operational duties and can be paid if funding allows. How do we determine amount and if allowed?
Apollo can be a passive participant.
JB will fund the venture and manage the formation, development, and structure of the entity. Does this mean assigning personnel in strategic positions? I guess I am unclear what this means.
